---
title: "<15> Hash Table"
excerpt: "Hash brown 맛있겠다"

categories:
  - Algorithms and Data structures - Udemy
tags:
  -
  -
last_modified_at: 2020-08-27T09:06:00-05:00

toc: true
toc_label: "목차"
toc_icon: "cog"
toc_sticky: true
---

> 1. 나름대로 개념 정리.
> 2. 각 개념에 따른 코드 정리.

# 1. Hash Table

사실 hash table은 독립적인 섹션이라 깊게 배우지는 않고 그냥 개념만 짚고 넘어가려고 한다.

**What is a Hash table?**

- Hash tables are used to store key-value pairs.
- They are like arrays, but the keys are not ordered.
- Unlike arrays, hash tables are fast for all of the following operations: finding values, adding new values and removing values.

**Why should I care?**

- Nearly every programming language has some sort of hash table data structure. Because of their speed, hash tables are very commonly used.

**Real Usage**

- Imagine we store color code in the array. But color code looks like this `#ff69b4` . So it would be nice if instead of using indices to access the color, we could use human readable keys. So `color[‘pink’] = #ff69b4` is much better than `color[0] = #ff69b4`

**Hash function**

- To implement a hash table, we’ll be using an array. In order to look up values by key, we need a way to convert keys into valid array indices. A function that performs this task is called a hash function. So when we push a string, for example, `pink` into the function, it should consistently give the same number. otherwise whole thing will be broken.

**What makes a good Hash function?**

- Fast. constant time
- Doesn’t cluster outputs at specific indices, but distributes uniformly
- Deterministic (Same input yields same output)

정리하자면, Hash Table를 이용하면 원하는 정보를 O(1)의 속도로 얻을 수 있다.
